hey guys silly Prezi and welcome to
today's video in this video we're gonna
be talking about how you can learn
google advertising for free in 2019 just
wanted to make a quick video and share
some resources that have really helped
me learn more about Google advertising
and PPC advertising in general so to
jump right in let's get started the
first resource I want to talk about is
the word stream blog if you're not
familiar with word stream they provide a
lot of great content on adalah online
advertising so i'm gonna go ahead and
link to all these resources in the
description box down below so you can
have it but a word stream is an amazing
resource you can check out when it comes
to google advertising and really all
these resources i'm sharing you not just
cover on google ads but really
pay-per-click advertising in general so
they're great for really going beyond
Google as well but word stream is the
first one I would recommend you check
out the next one I want to talk about is
PPC hero com this one might be a little
bit more advanced but they also do have
a lot of beginner articles that you can
follow along and they go very in-depth
they have a lot of case studies you can
look into
so PPC hero is another great resource
especially when you're trying to take it
to the next level
they're two by far one of my favorite
blogs to read the next one is the search
engine journal so search engine journal
com you can look at all different kinds
of advertising I mean they go SEO PPC
content social but in regard for this
video you can really break down if you
go to the PPC section and they'll really
get into the Nitty Gritty when it comes
to paid search and they'll update you on
a lot of recent articles made by a lot
of the top PPC people within the space
and then the next one is the search
engine land blog search engine land is
another great resource you can use with
this one again they have all the latest
and greatest in PPC and you can follow
along really something I like to do is I
like to subscribe to the different blogs
so I'll get real get like emails sent to
me when new blog posts are updated and
that way I can kind of stay on top of
the ball but here are these four
resources I mean you can't go wrong with
these four resources with these four
Resources alone I mean you can learn
everything you need to know and then
some and then the final resource I would
say is my youtube channel
you know shameless plug gotta plug it in
there right but definitely you can learn
a lot of great things in my youtube
channel as well and if you're not
subscribed I definitely recommend that
you do go ahead and subscribe I'll be
creating a lot more Google ads tutorials
as well in the coming weeks but youtube
is another great resource whether it's
my channel or someone else's channel you
can learn a lot of great free google ads
content on youtube and then really the
last thing I want to say is study do
your research really learn but don't
just learn to learn learn to apply so I
highly recommend if you can just start
right off the gate you know maybe do
some research at first but get the ball
started create a Google Ads account for
free and set up a small campaign you
know whether it's five dollars a day ten
dollars a day when I first started out
it was I had a DJ service business with
my cousin and I started really small I
only started at five dollars a day and
that's how I got started
so really the ultimate experience you'll
ever get the best way you're gonna learn
is by actually being inside the Google
ads editor being inside the interface
and learning the tool that you're trying
to learn and master and then by being
inside there you'll get familiar with it
you'll get comfortable you'll start to
know where the buttons are what they do
and then the more you do it the easier
it'll become it'll just become more and
more natural for you just like anything
else the more practice the better we get
so that'll be my ultimate advice is do
your research learn from all these great
articles these great resources I
definitely wish I knew of these
resources when I started because they
are awesome
and they really do go into detail but at
the end of the day the best where you're
gonna learn is by getting your hands in
there and creating some ads creating
some campaigns making mistakes and
learning from them and then as you
encounter problems in your account so
maybe at first it's learning how to put
together a keyword list and to set up in
your first campaign and then once you
setup your first campaign you're gonna
realize are I set up my first campaign
now how do I make it better
so as you go you'll start to come across
problems and you'll start to come across
questions that you have that you want to
solve and as those questions come up
you solve them you'll be making progress
and you'll be moving forward and forward
and forward cuz I remember when I first
started I learned at first how do I
create a campaign you know what is a
keyword how does Google even work with
cost-per-click and all this stuff and
then from there it was how do I make the
campaigns better and oh what does this
do and what does that do and then from
there you answer another question
another question another question and
then before you know it you're rocking
and rolling and you're creating some
awesome campaigns so that's it for this
video just want to keep it short sweet
so if you're not subscribed please go
ahead and make sure to subscribe and
fall onto the channel if you've got some
value from this I create content every
week and I'll see you next time take
care
[Music]